# Clean up

Grails `create-app` command generates many code we do not really need in the application. Let's clean it up.

#### Remove assets

We can remove `grails-app/assets` folder because all required assets are provided by Vaadin.

#### Remove views

When we use Vaadin as UI framework, we need no `.gsp` pages in our application. We can remove `grails-app/views`.

### Dependencies

There are not needed dependencies if we use Vaadin. We can exclude them globaly.

Add excludes in `BuildConfig.groovy` as follows.

``` java
grails.project.dependency.resolution = {
    inherits("global") {
        'grails-plugin-gsp', 'grails-plugin-rest', 'grails-resources'
    }
```

> Verify what has been excluded by running `grails dependency-report` command. You can add a scope as the parameter, for example, `grails dependency-report compile`, `grails dependency-report runtime` and so on. In order to be sure that a dependency is excluded, run `grails clean-all` before the commands mentioned above.

The second step in clearing dependencies is to remove all dependencies and plugins that are generated by Grails. Dependencies and plugins part of `BuildConfig.groovy` will then become like this.

``` java
dependencies {
}

plugins {
    build ":tomcat:7.0.55"
    compile ":vaadin:7.2.5"
}
```

#### Last step

Grails generates inline comments for almost each property trying to explain what is the purpose of that property. I think if somebody wants to know what is the meaning of a property, he should go to [documentation](http://grails.org/doc/latest/guide/single.html), read about it and fully understand what is it about. Therefore I suggest to remove these comments.
